README.md, before:

# graphql-core

Core GraphQL Library for Python

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/graphql-core.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/graphql-core)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/graphql-python/graphql-core.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/graphql-python/graphql-core)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/graphql-python/graphql-core/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/graphql-python/graphql-core?branch=master)
[![Public Slack Discussion](https://graphql-slack.herokuapp.com/badge.svg)](https://graphql-slack.herokuapp.com/)


## Project Status

This library is a port of [graphql-js](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js) to Python.
This library includes core features only that other packages within the [graphql-python](https://github.com/graphql-python/) organization shall build upon.
We are currently targeting feature parity with `v0.4.13` of the reference implementation, and are currently on `v0.4.9`.

Please see [issues](https://github.com/graphql-python/graphql-core/issues) for the progress.

## Getting Started

An overview of the GraphQL language is available in the 
[README](https://github.com/facebook/graphql/blob/master/README.md) for the
[Specification for GraphQL](https://github.com/facebook/graphql). 
The overview describes a simple set of GraphQL examples that exist as [tests](tests/core_starwars)
in this repository. A good way to get started is to walk through that README and the corresponding tests
in parallel. 

### Using `graphql-core`

Install from pip:

```sh
pip install graphql-core
```

### Supported Python Versions
`graphql-core` supports the following Python versions:
 
* `2.7.x`
* `3.3.x`
* `3.4.x`
* `3.5.0`
* `pypy-2.6.1`

### Built-in Concurrency Support
Support for `3.5.0`'s `asyncio` module for concurrent execution is available via an executor middleware at 
`graphql.core.execution.middlewares.asyncio.AsyncioExecutionMiddleware`.

Additionally, support for `gevent` is available via 
`graphql.core.execution.middlewares.gevent.GeventExecutionMiddleware`.

Otherwise, by default, the executor will use execute with no concurrency.

## Documentation

Documentation is in the works but not available yet. See #14 for additional information.

## Pythonic GraphQL Library
`graphql-core` provides a more low-level API for building a GraphQL API and schema. For a more refined and Pythonic interface to build graphql APIs, check out [`graphene`](https://github.com/graphql-python/graphene).

## Current Maintainer
 * [@jhgg](https://github.com/jhgg/)

## Contributions
For an up to date list of contributors, check the contributor list [here](https://github.com/graphql-python/graphql-core/graphs/contributors). 

## License

[MIT License](https://github.com/graphql-python/graphql-core/blob/master/LICENSE)

## Original work

This project is a community fork of [graphqllib](https://github.com/dittos/graphqllib) by [@dittos](https://github.com/dittos/).

Commit message:

Add graphql and graphql-epoxy

README.md, after:

# graphql-core

Core GraphQL Library for Python

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/graphql-core.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/graphql-core)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/graphql-python/graphql-core.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/graphql-python/graphql-core)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/graphql-python/graphql-core/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/graphql-python/graphql-core?branch=master)
[![Public Slack Discussion](https://graphql-slack.herokuapp.com/badge.svg)](https://graphql-slack.herokuapp.com/)


## Project Status

This library is a port of [graphql-js](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js) to Python.
This library includes core features only that other packages within the [graphql-python](https://github.com/graphql-python/) organization shall build upon.
We are currently targeting feature parity with `v0.4.13` of the reference implementation, and are currently on `v0.4.9`.

Please see [issues](https://github.com/graphql-python/graphql-core/issues) for the progress.

## Getting Started

An overview of the GraphQL language is available in the 
[README](https://github.com/facebook/graphql/blob/master/README.md) for the
[Specification for GraphQL](https://github.com/facebook/graphql). 
The overview describes a simple set of GraphQL examples that exist as [tests](tests/core_starwars)
in this repository. A good way to get started is to walk through that README and the corresponding tests
in parallel. 

### Using `graphql-core`

Install from pip:

```sh
pip install graphql-core
```

### Supported Python Versions
`graphql-core` supports the following Python versions:
 
* `2.7.x`
* `3.3.x`
* `3.4.x`
* `3.5.0`
* `pypy-2.6.1`

### Built-in Concurrency Support
Support for `3.5.0`'s `asyncio` module for concurrent execution is available via an executor middleware at 
`graphql.core.execution.middlewares.asyncio.AsyncioExecutionMiddleware`.

Additionally, support for `gevent` is available via 
`graphql.core.execution.middlewares.gevent.GeventExecutionMiddleware`.

Otherwise, by default, the executor will use execute with no concurrency.

## Documentation

Documentation is in the works but not available yet. See #14 for additional information.

## Pythonic GraphQL Library
For a more refined and Pythonic interface to build graphql APIs, check out
 * [`graphene`](https://github.com/graphql-python/graphene)
    - **Easy to use:** Graphene helps you use GraphQL in Python without effort.
    - **Relay:** Graphene has builtin support for Relay
    - **Django:** Automatic *Django model* mapping to Graphene Types. Check a fully working [Django](http://github.com/graphql-python/swapi-graphene) implementation
 * [`graphql-epoxy`](https://github.com/graphql-python/graphql-epoxy)
    - **Minimal Boilerplate**: You can create a GraphQL schema and execute it in less than 5 lines of code.
    - **Definition Ordering**: It doesn't matter. Define your objects in any order you want. Epoxy will take care of the rest.
    - **Quick**: Once you create your schema, epoxy doesn't get in the way. Your resolvers will be called directly by 
   `graphql-core` with no additional indirection.

## Current Maintainer
 * [@jhgg](https://github.com/jhgg/)

## Contributions
For an up to date list of contributors, check the contributor list [here](https://github.com/graphql-python/graphql-core/graphs/contributors). 

## License

[MIT License](https://github.com/graphql-python/graphql-core/blob/master/LICENSE)

## Original work

This project is a community fork of [graphqllib](https://github.com/dittos/graphqllib) by [@dittos](https://github.com/dittos/).
